Here's a summary of the current state of our work on ArbWave.

How to send a valid command
	Must have established connection: create a VISA object named (e.g.) FG with appropriate features
		FG = visa('keysight','USB0::0x0957::0x2A07::MY52600694::0::INSTR')
	Open the connection
		fopen(FG)
	Now, to send a command to the FunGen use
		fprintf(<name>, <command string>)
		e.g., fprintf(FG, '*RST')
	In the manual, the command that should be sent is the string itself, e.g. *RST .

Our constraints
	Arb segments: we have 1 million datapoints for all segments combined. They'll be broken into
	 roughly half for rises, half for falls, and a handful (maybe 1?) for amplitudes.
		Ideally, we'll only need one rise and one fall and two steady voltages, and we'll just scale
		 them appropriately. Standardize the arb functions' amplitudes to 1V.
		Volatile memory: load the relevant sequences to volatile memory as an initialization step.
	Arb sequences: we have 32 sequences we can use. This is sufficient for all 100% DC trials.
		I believe we can download all th sequences and run them at will, but we may need to load them
		 at runtime. That would be a trivial fix with the proposed system.
	Filtering: the step filter is the best filter for our purposes, I believe.	

Our command of interest
	Load appropriate ArbWave segments (list of values), such as rise, fall, steady
		The functions should be written from 0 to x (1V?).	DSSC will have to be on for this to work.
	Construct appropriate ArbWave sequence (list of segments to run, for how long, which triggers)
		Probable sequence: 0V (repeat until trigger), Rising (1), MaxV (for duration), Falling (1),
		 0V (forever).
	Send instructions with fprintf
		Turn off channels
		Turn on DSSC for transducer channel
		Turn on Arb (download sequence?)
		Trigger sequence
	Timing may be an issue. When do we need to load segs and seqs? Run long enough, even if the
	 instruction queue filled and was delayed. May require a status check. See IEEE commands.
		We can use fscanf to get confirmation the queue is empty, pretty sure
		
Details of the command
	Jan wants to have, for the 100% DC trials, the same onset/offset window as used by prior work.
	 I haven't been able to find what that onset/offset time is. It is probably an onset on the order
	 of 1 millisecond, and it's almost certainly a Hann window (cosine+1).
	The Sync signal that comes out the front of the FG could possibly give us a TTL signal that is
	 locked into a specific moment in the ArbWave. I don't think it could be used to do data phases,
	 though, so it probably can't just replace the digital signal. But perhaps we could lock it to the
	 modulating signal?